Hello welcome to this new tutorial and this one we're going to check if at any time during the ICU an
investor can buy some at coins.
And so we're going to check this through a modifier which is a solidity tool that Wilko can buy at.
You'll see and that will simply check that.
For example if an investor wants to invest a certain amount of money well we will check in this multifaith
that his money invested plus the total at coins.
But by all the other investors so far is less than the total number of coins.
That is the original maximum number of at Cone's that was for sale.
So we're going to check this.
And then if that condition is verified Well the investor will have to go to buy some at coins.
OK so let's make this modifier to make emulsifier insularity.
You start obviously with nullifier modifier and then you need to give a name to this nullifier which
will go as we said can buy at coin's then some parenthesis because it's like a function.
This will take an argument which will be the amount of U.S. dollars the investor wants to invest to
buy a certain amount of coins.
So you know it's not the whole money.
The investor wants to invest but it's a certain amount of dollars.
The investor wants to invest at a certain time during the CEO to buy whatever amount of coins he or
she wants.
And therefore this variable will have to tide you into again it's going to be an integer and we will
call this horrible USD invested but we need to start with the type and the type is as we just said you
didn't.
And then the name of the variable you as the invested are right and now be careful it's not like in
Python.
I always make sure to remember that I'm not in Python.
We need to add some brackets here.
And if I press Enter There we go the closing bracket is automatically added.
So that's a bracket.
And you can buy at coin's modifier and that's the bracket of the whole contract.
OK so modifier.
Now we are going to enter the condition that we want to check to make sure the investor can buy the
at coins with the money he wants to invest at a certain point.
But we have to put this condition in something called require which is again like a function that will
check if this condition is true and if it is true.
Well the function that will be linked to the modifier will be able to run which you will see will be
the buy at coin's function.
OK.
So and this required here let's input the condition which we said Well very simply we must check that
with the money that the investor invests in us the well we must simply check that there is still enough
coins for this amount of money.
And so let's convert everything in coins.
We must check that the U.S. dollars invested by the investor multiplied by the conversion rate from
us to at Cone's which is 1000.
But let's use the variable here in case you want to do some other IFCO with some other tokens so you
as d to add coins.
So this amount here gives us the amount of coins that the investor wants to buy with his USD invested
at a certain point of the year.
And so if this amount in at coin's plus the total amount of coins already but which is given by this
variable here total actions but so I'm copying this and pasted it here.
So if basically the amount of coins that the investor wants to buy plus the total number of at coins
already but well we must check that this is less than the total number of coins existing which is 1
million.
That is the maximum number of coins originally available for sale.
So let's add here.
Lower then.
All right.
And we must check that this amount here is lower than the maximum number of at Queens Max at.
That's the condition we must check to make sure an investor can buy some at coins with a certain amount
of U.S. dollars.
OK.
So now to conclude with this money fire we must not forget the semicolon and then just add here no underscore
with a semicolon again and there we go our modifier is around.
So the underscore here is just to say that the functions to which we will link the modifier will only
be applied if the condition is verified.
That is if this condition it's true.
All right.
And that's exactly the purpose of a modified.